3.1版本修改 (#1787)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/publish/native-options.md

![encrypt js](publish-native/encrypt-js.png)

#### Native Engine

> This item is used to show whether you are currently using the built-in engine or a custom engine. Click the Edit button behind it to go to the **Preferences -> [Engine Manager](../preferences/index.md#engine-manager)** panel for settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This item is used to show whether the built-in engine or a custom engine is currently being used. Click the Edit button behind it to go to the **Preferences -> [Engine Manager](../preferences/index.md#engine-manager)** panel for settings.
```

> This item is used to show whether the built-in engine or a custom engine is currently being used. Click the **Edit** button behind it to go to the **Preferences -> [Engine Manager](../preferences/index.md#engine-manager)** panel for settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option is used to show whether the built-in engine or a custom engine is currently being used. Click the **Edit** button behind it to go to the **Preferences -> [Engine Manager](../preferences/index.md#engine-manager)** panel for settings.
```

> This item is used to show whether the built-in engine or a custom engine is currently being used. Click the **Edit** button behind it to go to the **Preferences -> [Engine Manager](../preferences/index.md#engine-manager)** panel for settings.

Reviewer 2: 1. en/editor/publish/publish-native/native-options.png 这张图没有更新
2. en/editor/publish/build-options/splash-setting.png 这张图没有更新
3. en/concepts/scene/shadow/shadowmap-properties.png 这张图没有更新
